Feat/upgrade thanos module (#146)
sighupio/fury-kubernetes-monitoring: docs/releases/v2.1.0.md

Author: You right

To upgrade this core module from `v2.0.1` to `v2.1.0`, execute the following:

```bash
kustomize build <your-project-path> | kubectl apply -f -
```

### Process Upgrade Thanos

- Since the release ships made changes in the architecture of `Thanos`, the upgrade process needs the deletion of all resources from the old version of the module.

> To upgrade `thanos` core module from `v0.24.0` to `v0.30.2`, execute the following:
> 
> ```shell
> kustomize build katalog/thanos -n monitoring | kubectl delete -f -
> kustomize build katalog/thanos | kubectl apply -f - --server-side
> ```

Reviewer: ````suggestion
To upgrade `thanos` core module from `v0.24.0` to `v0.30.2`, execute the following:

1. Delete the old deployment, for example if you were using thanos-with-store:

```shell
kustomize build katalog/thanos/thanos-with-store -n monitoring | kubectl delete -f -
```

2. Add the right base to your kustomize, for example,  Thanos using MinIO as storage and pointing to a single Prometheus:

```yaml
resources:
...
   - "../../vendor/katalog/monitoring/thanos/thanos-minio/single"
```

3. Finally, apply the new deployment

```console
kustomize build . | kubectl apply -f - --server-side
```
````
